klein told the committee that on friday
october sixth 1973 the day before the
outbreak of the mideast war he sent a
message to secretary kissinger saying
that hostilities between Egypt and
Israel were imminent but later learned
that associates of dr. Kissinger never
passed on the message because they
didn't want to bother the secretary who
at the time was in New York during an
exchange between Klein and committee
member Ronald dellums Klein said that
intelligence-gathering operations have
been hampered because dr. Kissinger
wears two hats as Secretary of State and
as head of the National Security Council
if two of those three key jobs are held
by the same person I've failed to
understand how what I would consider an
adequate dialogue can take place
committee member Morgan Murphy of
Illinois pursued dellums line of
questioning but from the track record
here in the scorecard i would think that
we're long overdue from meddling and
some of mr. Kissinger activities and the
country will be better off of the
Congress wakes up and starts doing
something about it under later
questioning Klein candidly agreed to the
assumption put forth by one of the
committee members that the US paid for
the intelligence failure by way of
having to rearm Israel both during and
after the Mideast conflict and as well
suffering the consequences of the Arab
oil boycott in the words of one
committee member the intelligence
failure has easily crossed the US
taxpayers billions of dollars over the
past two years Andy gasps Meyer Capitol
Hill